Update README.md to account for libsodium & libsodium-dev dependencies (#1325)
input-output-hk/cardano-node: README.md

## Cabal

#### Dependencies:

> * libsodum

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* libsodium
```

* libsodium-dev

For ease of use create a `cabal.project.local` at the toplevel with:
```
package cardano-crypto-praos
  flags: -external-libsodium-vrf
```

There are two choices for building `cardano-crypto-praos` activated via a cabal flag:
1. `-external-libsodium-vrf` - With a fork of `libsodium` installed
2. A bundled version of the VRF C code and using the system `libsodium`

> 2. is currently only suitable for development but not deployment as we're using the libsodium C code in an unsupported configuration

Reviewer: This actually becomes part of the numbered list above and is numbered as "3". Check the markdown output to see what happens.

> There are two choices for building `cardano-crypto-praos` activated via a cabal flag:
> 1. `-external-libsodium-vrf` - With a fork of `libsodium` installed
> 2. A bundled version of the VRF C code and using the system `libsodium`
> 
> 2. is currently only suitable for development but not deployment as we're using the libsodium C code in an unsupported configuration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two choices for building `cardano-crypto-praos`, selected via a cabal flag `external-libsodium-vrf`:
1. `+external-libsodium-vrf` Which requires a special fork of `libsodium` with the VRF code to be installed on the system
2. `-external-libsodium-vrf` Which uses a bundled version of the VRF C code and uses the vanilla system `libsodium`

The second option is currently only suitable for development -- but not deployment -- because it uses the libsodium C code in an unsupported configuration
```
